(DISTANT GUNFIRE)
(WATER TRICKLING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Iguess
everybody else is dead.
Which means we're
totally outnumbered.
We gotta make up for
that in pure firepower.
You want to raid
the feeding area,
don't you?
Two boxes of
grenades in there.
It's our only chance
at getting out.
Vince, that place
is a deathtrap.
Lucky for you I've
got the megablaster.
(CHARGING)
Lee, you go right,
Roy, straight
down the middle.
|'|| cover you both.
One, two, three.
(ALARM BLARING)
(SHRIEKING)
ROY: Where's that
coverfue?
Megablaster, dude,
megablaster!
(GROANS)
What the hell?
Got it.
Vince, where are you?
(GROANING) I can't
get them off of me.
LEE: Vince, you d-bag,
where are you?
Damn it! Damn it!
LEE: Damn it, Vince.
(EXCLAIMS IN DISAPPOINTMENT)
That blood look
funny to you?
Still working on it.
The code's a little janky.
Hey, boss,
you just like watching us
get our asses shredded?
Yeah, not that
you're not hilarious,
but we hit the shelves
in three months.
Vince?
Vince, what's wrong?
My hands,
they're on fire.
Your NCV test was normal.
Rules out carpal tunnel.
No evidence of trauma,
your blood work looks normal.
Then what is it?
I don't know.
l'll arrange to
have you transferred
to a neurologist.
A neurologist?
Don't you have some
famous diagnostics guy?
What's he doing?
I quit.
You can't quit.
I think you're confusing me
with Jake Gyllenhaal.
House, are you okay?
Yeah. And I want
to stay that way.
I talked it over
with my therapist.
I need to change
my environment,
my habits.
But he cleared you to
get your license back.
Which will help immensely
with my newjob in research.
I've sent out some resumes.
Research means no patients,
less pressure.
But you just got out,
have you had enough time
to think this through?
(SIGHS)
I'm sorry.
I know this will
affect both of you,
and Thirteen,
and the one with the nose.
But I just can't
risk coming back here.
Okay.
That was surprising.
I want to run
the department.
You consider waiting
until House clears the lobby
before you start angling
for his job?
He's not dead
or sentimental,
and somebody
needs to do it.
Not necessarily.
Departments of
diagnostic medicine
don't exist.
The only reason we have one
is because of House.
You reassigned us,
kept us on payroll
for three months,
you might as well
give me a chance.
You're a great doctor,
I want you to
stay on in Neuro,
but House was a genius.
House was an egotistical,
pill-popping,
lawsuit magnet.
And a genius.
And lworked with him
longer than anybody else.
I can do this.
You get one shot.
What's House gonna do?
FOREMAN: No idea,
but he's gone,
so how about we focus
on the medicine?
What?
You're the boss,
it's kind of sexy.
Here I thought
it was just the pants.
Diabetic neuropathy?
HbA1c looks fine.
Could be hypothyroidism.
No fatigue
or weight gain.
What about
complex regional
pain syndrome?
That's a good idea.
Let's run with it.
Look at that. No House,
the job still gets done.
And yet,
something's missing.
l'm short, he's black,
you're gay-ish.
That's it.
Treat for CRPS.
Prep the patient for
spinal stimulation.
VINCE: I don't buy it.
CRPS isn't that
well understood, but...
I think it's
mercury poisoning.
| eat a ton of sushi.
And you're currently
getting mixed reviews
in Speed the Plow
on Broadway?
Google it.
It's pretty hard to
consume enough fish
to give yourself
mercury poisoning,
and it doesn't usually
present solely with pain.
But it can.
Check out the Atlantic
Medical Journal.
This guy came in
with burning pain
caused by
Erythromelalgia
mercury poisoning.
Who needs actual doctors
when you've got
the Internet?
No offense,
but doctors make mistakes.
Medical errors are
up 30% this year.
You should check
the rate of patient error.
(LAUGHS)
There's a ton of
information out there.
Why wouldn't I
educate myself,
be my own advocate?
CRPS came up in
my search, too,
but I've never had
any skin discoloration,
and my pain is sporadic,
not constant.
It's gotta be worth
one lousy blood test.
You know how
House feels
about people
touching his ball.
No, Chase refuses
to tell me.
(CHUCKUNG)
Right, my husband's gay.
Witty.
lhearyouTe
taking over for House.
You're gonna be great.
Congratulations.
Not permanent.
Yet. Taub and Thirteen
cool with it?
He's older than you.
She's seen you naked.
Not like we haven't
been working together
for two years now.
Working with is different
than working for.
You saw House,
how was he?
He was good.
He was honest,
took responsibility.
It was kind of weird.
(LAUGHING)
ls Thirteen around?
I need her to sign off
on her ER transfer.
She and Taub are doing
a spinal stimulation.
No, they're not.
ljust dropped a patient
in the cath suite,
and your guys
were not in there.
You know, usually,
spinal stimulation
is done with the patient
in the room.
He asked us to test
his blood for mercury.
lt's unlikely,
but not impossible.
It's also not
what we agreed on.
Testing doesn't hurt,
and it only takes
20 minutes.
I figured
it didn't matter.
I'm thinking I should
decide when it matters.
TAUB: If you're done
marking your territory...
Test results.
Surprise, surprise,
Marcus Webly was wrong.
|'|| handle this.
You expected not to
have mixed feelings?
(SIGHS)
I know it's
the right call.
| just don't know what
to do with my time,
and my leg.
Pain's flared up
since I left Mayfield.
lbuprofen's barely
putting a dent in it.
You need a hobby.
Right. Doctors the world
over treat chronic pain
with collections
of Hummel figurines.
No, I didn't say
you need a lame hobby.
You need something
to keep you engaged,
connected to other people.
You already made me
get a roommate.
Wilson's got
one bedroom.
I don't think we can
get any more connected
without unzipping.
Okay. So what does
Wilson like to do?
Vince, l'm Dr. Foreman,
Head of Diagnostics.
So you must be
the genius's replacement.
I prefer to think of
myself as Genius 2.0.
Your blood test
ruled out
mercury poisoning.
What was
my mercury level?
Two-point-eight.
That means for every
deciliter of blood...
I know what it means.
I also know
it's above normal.
I want mercury chelation.
Your level isn't
elevated enough
to produce your symptoms.
You can't know that
until we de-elevate it
and see if my pain improves.
It's a judgment call.
Based on 10 years
of medical training?
I think you have CRPS.
I want to try
spinal stimulation.
So, basically, you want to
shove a needle in my spine
based on a glorified hunch.
I'll stick with
the chelation.
If you don't
want to get better,
I think we're done.
What do you mean "done"?
You're not interested
in my medical opinion.
I'll move on to
my next patient,
you'll move on
to a doctor
willing to run
all the unnecessary tests
and procedures you want.
Or you can stick
around and be cured.
Makes no difference to me.
I'm glad you
changed your mind.
Don't know about that.
Dr. Foreman basically
strong-armed me.
Which is impressive.
Stimulating at 100 hertz.
Guess you found him
a little more persuasive
than the two of us.
Probably the pants.
He reminds me of me.
Is it supposed to hurt?
Not if we're
in correctly.
Is it your hands?
Your back?
No, my chest.
(DEVICE BEEPING)
Can't breathe.
Heart rate's 140,
climbing.
You need to hold still.
What did you do?
(GASPING)
Deep breaths.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
His lungs are
filling with fluid.
Analysis of the fluid
from Vince's lungs
shows the lung problem
is really
a heart problem.
He's got a thickened
left ventricle.
When his heart sped up
during the procedure,
itjacked up
the pressure in his lungs,
causing pulmonary edema.
Good thing I
talked the patient
into spinal stimulation.
It did lead us
to discovering
a new symptom,
and proved he was wrong
about mercury poisoning.
We lucked into
that discovery,
and we were wrong
about CRPS.
Ventricular thickening
plus neuropathy could
equal Lyme disease.
Not without joint pain.
When's his new game
coming out?
Couple of months.
He's probably
working non-stop.
Might be using
more than coffee
to power through.
Cocaine use
explains his symptoms.
So we search his
office for drugs.
No. We're gonna ask him.
In a lot of ways,
cooking is like music.
Different elements
combine to
make a symphony.
Difference is that
Beethoven's Fifth
isn't going to
be poop tomorrow.
What was
my one condition
for allowing you
to tag along?
Try not to be a jerk.
I'm trying.
I'm just failing.
Roll your meatballs
and keep an open mind.
How hard are you trying
not to make a ball joke
right now?
They're smoking.
Your balls.
Oh.
No, no. They're browning
way too fast.
Blue's the color
you gotta watch out for.
Enough.
God, they're...
They're still raw inside.
By the time
they're cooked through,
the outside will be burnt.
I think there's
a medicated powder for that.
Although,
vinegar could work.
My old chem prof
talked about
theoretically
you shouldn't trust
the results of
a hemoglobin A1C test
on a chronically
acidotic patient.
The acid in the blood
slows the reaction
between
the hemoglobin protein
and blood sugar.
Browning meat
is the same
chemical process,
which means
it should also
be slowed by acid.
That actually
makes sense.
You might have
saved my balls.
That's the spirit!
Obviously the procedure
didn't go as planned.
The heart problem
was unforeseeable,
but I still feel
responsible.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
How long have you guys
been doing it?
I think it's best
ifwe kept things
professional.
Tough to do,
now that I've seen
you rock
a leopard-print bikini.
Congrats, by the way.
Up top.
You hacked
my profile page?
Your treatment nearly
gave me a heart attack.
Figured I'd check if
you had the credentials
to go with the cojones,
one search
led to another.
Is there a shot
ofjust her?
I'm thinking screensaver.
We need to know
if you've been
using cocaine.
Nope. Dude,
you just block everybody
or do you really
only have three friends?
We need you to be
straight with us.
We need to be
able to trust you.
I cleaned up my act
12 years ago,
after my college
roommate OD'd.
Okay.
Search his office.
You think he was lying?
No, but I'm not sure.
It was worth asking.
If he'd said yes,
it would've
saved us a trip.
But he didn't.
You have to forget
about him.
The patient?
House.
First you try
acting like him,
that doesn't work,
so then you try
the opposite.
Now you're mad
because you have
to use his move.
Ifeeler
Tom Brady's backup.
Tom Brady's backup
now makes $10 million.
Stop comparing.
You can do this
by being you.
We should still
check out his office,
talk to his co-workers.
I'll get Taub.
And
thanks.
Oh. And dinner
tonight at 7:00.
Can we make it 8:00?
Already made
a reservation for 7:00.
Hi.
I'm making gnocchi.
Oh, I didn't mean
to intrude, ljust...
Cecile's in
my cooking class.
She doesn't
speak English.
(SPEAKING MANDARIN)
You bake the potatoes
instead of boiling.
Less moisture,
fewer gluten bonds,
lighter gnocchi.
You seem good.
Feeling better.
(CONTINUES SPEAKING
MANDARIN)
House.
I need to talk to you
about your leaving
the hospital.
I do love a good groveling,
but my decision is final.
That's fine,
as long as I'm not
the reason for it.
I know that sounds
completely narcissistic.
Yeah.
But it's not. We flirted,
we kissed, I fondled.
I hallucinated
a night with you
and yelled it from
a hospital balcony.
You're not a narcissist.
So what am I?
Not the reason
I'm leaving.
House.
I'm gonna miss you.
Lady,
either kiss him or leave.
We got work to do.
You just couldn't
keep your trap shut.
Make the damn gnocchi.
Bye.
TAUB: I guess you're
not in a hurry
to get back
to the office.
THIRTEEN: And you are?
(SHRIEKING)
(GUN FIRING)
I'm not trying to
avoid my boyfriend.
I'm a lizard,
not an idiot.
You've been
in a crappy mood
since we got
in the car.
And you're completely okay
with being ordered
around by someone
who 24 hours ago was
basically your equal?
Unlike you,
I didn't expect
anything different.
The work part
I can get used to.
He didn't ask me
to go to dinner,
he told me we were going.
He's never
done that before.
So even the score.
Go home tonight,
put on some heels and
break him like a pony.
You'll feel much better.
What?
That's one big-ass bird.
(SHRIEKING)
Wow.
That's kind of amazing,
the way the wings move,
it's so real.
Get them off me!
I know what's wrong
with the patient.
I'm going
to call Foreman.
A little help.
Your partner said
you studied birds
to improve
the game animation.
Did you touch them?
Can't dissect
without touching.
It's the best way to
understand the anatomy.
It's also a good way
to contract an infection
called psittacosis.
We spoke to Dr. Foreman,
he wants to start you
on antibiotics.
Does that infection
cause problems
in the joystick area?
Kind of stuck
in play mode.
Yes, we get it.
She's very, very pretty.
It's not her.
I mean, it was,
when she was here
with her boyfriend
three hours ago.
You've had an erection
for three hours?
At first, it was
just embarrassing,
but now it's
really starting to hurt.
Will the antibiotics help?
I'm afraid not.
This isn't psittacosis.
TAUB: His erection persisted
even with medication.
We had to put in
a surgical shunt
justto
drain the blood.
You missed dinner.
And a shunt doesn't
require both of you.
I'm dedicated.
So, the holy trinity,
heaﬂ,hands,hose.
TAUB: Could be
Guillain-Barré.
Not with normal
nerve conduction.
Th rombocytosis.
His platelet count
isn't that high.
Brain tumor
makes more sense.
(TAUB CHUCKLING)
I'm sorry, ljust realized.
Joint pain and joint pain.
Honest,
I wasn't laughing
because of
the obvious tension
between the two of you.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Erection points to
a circulatory problem.
I'm with Foreman.
It is possible
for a brain tumor
to cause...
We're going with
thrombocytosis.
Okay.
You're mad I didn't
ask you to dinner?
How long have
we been dating?
It felt like an order.
Your tone of voice was...
My tone?
I'm under a little
pressure right now.
How about
giving me a break?
Look, this is tough
for both of us,
except I haven't
just gotten a promotion.
So, now you're jealous?
No. I'm just saying
don't complain
about the burdens
of command
to your employees.
I was complaining
to my girlfriend.
Who are those guys?
I have no idea.
Meet the competition.
Steve Paulson,
Neurology, St. Mark's.
Nice to meet you.
You called
another doctor?
Lots of other doctors.
I posted my symptoms
on the Internet.
You guys are 0-for-2.
I thought I'd look
for some backup.
I can cure all your symptoms
with my papaya toxin cleanse.
Month's supply, $395.
Okay, that guy's an idiot.
That doesn't mean
they all are.
Neither one of you
have privileges
at this hospital,
please leave. Now.
DR. PAULSON: Dr. Foreman,
sorry for the intrusion,
but I notice
you haven't done
a head MRI yet.
Because he doesn't
need one.
I'm pretty sure
he's got a brain tumor.
We considered that and
concluded thrombocytosis
is more likely.
I'm starting him
on hydroxyurea.
His platelets don't seem
anywhere near high enough.
If you took an image,
I'm sure...
There are no signs
of increased ICP.
I'm not delaying treatment.
Looks like we need
a tiebreaker.
Dr. Hadley,
what do you think?
I think both theories
have merit.
So, brain tumor,
otherwise you'd back
your boss/boyfriend.
lwant an MRI.
Fine. I'll set it up.
Great, you're up.
I need a taster.
Ragu with pork sausage,
beef thigh, no cream.
It's a little early.
Did you even go
to bed last night?
Bed is for sissies.
Unless you're having sex,
in which case...
No, bed is still
for sissies.
Doesn't this seem
a little bit obsessive?
You should have been here
when I was butchering the ox.
What do you expect?
I'm an addict,
I turn everything
up to 11.
Yeah, I thought
you were trying
to tone that down.
No, I'm just trying
to find something
I can set at 11
without blowing
out my eardrums.
Star anise with
the caramelized onions,
the sulfur compounds
bring out the meat flavor.
I couldn't sleep
because of my leg.
It was either make ragu
or go out on the street
looking to score.
Good choice.
So, so good.
He asked me a question,
I answered.
You told me to make
my own decisions,
I do, and you stab me
in the back.
I didn't even say
what I really thought.
I hedged, and I don't
like that I hedged.
Iflhave
a legitimate opinion...
You express it
in private.
In public,
the team opinion
is your opinion.
Except the team opinion
That's myjob.
And what's mine?
To lie when I'm asked
a direct question?
You would have
done it for House.
Maybe you just don't
want me to succeed.
Maybe you just want
to kick me again
for not asking you
to dinner.
At least when
House was being
an unbelievable jerk,
I could talk to
my boyfriend about it.
I may be a jerk,
but you're wrong.
MRI is clean.
Treat for thrombocytosis.
You're early.
For what?
I knew you'd show up here
complaining about Foreman.
I thought you'd hold out
for another week at least.
I showed up to ask
if you've seen
thromobocytosis
with a platelet
count under...
I went crazy,
not stupid.
Ileave,
Foreman embraces
his inner Mugabe.
What's that?
Embryonali.
Unhatched chicken egg.
I'm going to suck out
some of the yolk and
replace it with ragu.
By the way,
you can tell
the other lepers
that their absence
has been noted.
Cameron didn't come by?
Daddy's little co-dependent
is all grown up.
Making room for
Daddy's hot bisexual
with boyfriend problems.
It's not a problem,
it's...
Okay, it's a problem.
I mean, I get it,
the patient's a nightmare.
He posted his case online.
You know Foreman,
you know the situation.
How can I get him
to tone it down?
Stop being a coward,
for one thing.
He's the one who's
afraid of failure.
In a job that
no one before me
has ever done.
His fears are justified.
You're just afraid
of giving him
control over you.
Which might work
at home,
but makes it
almost impossible
for him to do his job.
Pass me those crackers.
You're saying
this is all my fault?
I'm saying
that you would be happier
if you learned when
it's okay to give in.
What?
You just suggested
that I give in
so that I could be happy.
What did they do
to you in there?
Taste this.
Oh, my God.
This might be
the best thing
I've ever eaten.
And, yes, I'm including
what you're thinking of now.
You're an amazing cook!
I know.
And yet, my leg hurts.
Fire her.
(SCOFFS) I'm not
gonna fire her.
Then stop being
such a wuss.
I am not being a wuss.
Challenging you
is part of herjob.
But when she does it,
you take it personally.
So you're saying
this is my fault.
(LIFT BELL DINGING)
I was trying to bury it
a little, but, yeah.
You gotta eliminate
either the challenge
or the reaction.
Or we could stick
with my original plan.
We get drunk
and talk about
how girls are lame.
(LAUGHS)
Yeah, this problem
will go away on its own.
(TELEVISION CHATTERING)
It's 8:00
in the morning.
Coffee ice cream.
No frittata,
no bombolini?
Started thinking
about what you said,
about me obsessing.
Started obsessing
about obsessing,
decided to take a day off.
You were
enjoying cooking.
How like a man
to think that I enjoy
slaving over
a hot stove all day
while you're off
banging secretaries.
You said it was keeping
your mind off the pain.
That was before I discovered
The Biggest Loser marathon
on cable.
I like to pretend
they can see me eating.
And your leg?
It's fine.
My Ieg's killing me.
Cooking helped
for a while,
then I guess
I got bored.
My leg started
hurting again.
Then I got worried,
and that made
the pain worse.
What are you
worried about?
That nothing's
gonna help.
That I end up in
the Very Dark Place.
I'm fine,
I'm just not happy.
I didn't let you out
because you were happy.
I let you out
because I believe
you have the skills
to cope with that.
You tried one thing,
it didn't work,
so move on.
Write, play chess...
What if nothing works?
What if nothing gives me
more than a few days
before my brain
starts looking
for the next fix,
before my leg feels like
someone's shoving nails
into it.
What do I do then?
If nothing in the world
can hold your interest,
we'll deal with that
when we get to it.
But you have to trust me,
and you have to be patient.
I brought you a donut.
The florist was closed.
I'll get a vase
and put it in water.
You know I'm sorry,
right?
I'm sorry, too.
Do you think
we could start over?
That's a fantastic idea.
We're gonna be late.
Your boss won't mind.
(LAUGHING)
(PAGER BEEPING)
No way.
His lymph nodes
blew up.
He's been treated
for thrombocytosis,
but there's been
no change.
FOREMAN: I was wrong.
God, you are a genius.
I'm adding this
to my list of symptoms.
That didn't work
last time.
Because I didn't
think big enough.
Now I'm offering
a $25,000 reward.
(DOOR OPENS)
(CLICKING SWITCH ON AND OFF)
(PHONES RINGING)
Steroids reduced
his facial swelling.
Swollen lymph nodes
rule out thrombocytosis.
How did so many people
get my personal e-mail?
The Internet is
a magical place.
(RINGING)
Lymph enlargement
makes me think
polyarteritis.
(STOPS RINGING)
You were saying?
(SIGHS)
No point in
treating the symptom
and not the disease.
Your stunt generated
quite a few responses.
Let's take a look.
I'm way ahead of you.
Paraneoplastic syndrome
secondary to spinal tumor.
No. No hypercalcemia,
no muscle spasms
or incontinence.
You are possessed
by the Biblical
demon Legion.
No. No jumping off a cliff
in a herd of pigs.
Otherwise, it did fit.
Graves' disease.
No. Thyroid levels
are normal.
You want us to
spend next few days
shooting down every
theory in the world,
or can we do ourjobs
and come up with
one that works?
I want you to test me
for amyloidosis.
Is that your
professional opinion?
It's the wisdom
of crowds.
Studies show that
collective decision
of a group can be
more accurate than any
individual's decision.
I went through my e-mails,
amyloidosis got
the most votes.
If you had amyloidosis,
there'd be speckling
on your cardiac ultrasound.
In 100% of cases?
Fine.
I'll make you a deal.
We do a kidney biopsy
to test for amyloidosis.
When it comes back
negaﬂve,
you pull your case
off of the Internet
and retract the reward.
It's either that or
I don't test you at all.
Deal.
If you wanted a quickie,
you should have
called ahead.
I'm a mess.
I came home for lunch.
You have lunch with Cuddy
on Tuesdays.
She was busy.
And you're
checking up on me.
You know,
you can talk to me...
Is that my laundry?
You were running
out of socks
for me to borrow.
We have plenty
of underwear, though.
I'm fine.
You said that
this morning.
And consistency
proves what?
Really, I'm good.
I1Iputthese
in your room.
(SINGING) You always hurt
the one you love
Biopsy showed deposits
in the renal endothelium
consistent with amyloidosis.
The Internet was right.
Start him on dexamethasone.
Already done.
This may not be
the best time for this,
but I quit.
I got an offer
to join a friend's
surgical practice.
You don't
generally get an offer
unless you're
looking for one.
I put out some feelers
when I found out
House wasn't coming back.
I lobbied to keep
the department open
so you could
keep yourjob.
Yes, that was incredibly
altruistic of you.
It's nothing personal.
Actually, I think
you're doing pretty well.
But I came here
to work with House.
He's a jerk.
We'll be fine
without him.
Do you know
how many resumes
we get every day
without even asking?
Might be a few less
after Cuddy
shuts us down.
The case got solved
under your watch,
does it really matter
how it happened?
It matters.
What if I'm just not
ready for this job?
Okay, you're sad.
I could tell you
the story about me
and my roommate
at Sarah Lawrence.
Okay.
Her name was Lindsey,
and she was a cheerleader
from Iowa.
I broke my toilet
this morning.
I'll get my tools.
I blocked the intake valve
so I could collect
some of House's urine.
Cuddy,
he was barely limping.
What did the lab say?
The urine was clean
for Vicodin.
It did however contain
strange epithelial cells.
Further analysis showed
they were from
a Labrador Retriever.
Damn.
He's using.
(PANTING)
(SQUEAKING)
(SHRIEKING)
(GASPS)
Vince, Vince.
Vince, relax.
(DISTORTED VOICE)
It's Dr. Foreman.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(RUMBLING)
(SHRIEKING)
Kill it! Kill it!
No! I don't have
my blaster.
He's hallucinating
'cause he's burning up.
Amyloidosis wouldn't
do this.
THIRTEEN: Antipyretics
didn't work.
Hopefully the cold tub
will get his temp down.
Maybe we should see
if anyone's sent in
other ideas.
Maybe the reward
money attracted...
No, I'm not letting
anyone else jerk us around.
The masses were wrong
about amyloidosis.
They don't know
about the fever.
I'm going with Light-Chain
Deposition Disorder.
You okay with that?
Yes.
We think you have
a disease called LCDD.
It causes proteins
to build up
in your organs.
You think?
We can't definitely
confirm the diagnosis.
And our only chance
of beating this
would be to start you on
high-dose chemotherapy.
But I do have to warn you
that in your condition,
it might kill you.
Do you want me to get you
some more information?
You're my doctor,
I trust you.
No, you don't.
You're scared,
and you don't want
to make this decision.
My career is
riding on this case.
Nowhere near as
important as your life.
But I think the best shot
for both of us is
to treat for LCDD.
Okay.
All right.
Let's get you out of
this tub and into chemo.
WILSON: We know you're
back on Vicodin.
No.
The only thing
you know is
that I'm a genius
who got a dog to pee
in your toilet.
You don't know
how I did it,
or, more interestingly,
where I peed.
House, you've spent
the last three months...
Et tu, Butte?
You got no reason
to be here,
he's the one
I was jerking around.
Why is your leg better?
Owl It hurts.
Please go away now.
If you really think
I'm using,
how about asking me
before taking a wrench
to your plumbing?
House,
you're an addict.
You can't be surprised
if we can't take you
at your word.
Fine.
Let's get you some proof.
Hide your eyes, ladies.
House.
You, too.
(HOUSE URINATING)
(SIGHS)
My godson
made me that mug.
If the lab says
this is Retriever, too,
It'd explain my
overwhelming desire
to wipe my butt
on your carpet.
Thank you for
dragging me into this.
Stop the chemo,
he's got Fabry's disease.
He was in a tub
for an hour,
his fingers
should have pruned,
but they didn't.
Already stopped chemo,
and confirmed Fabry's.
I'm glad you both agree
but could somebody
loop me in here?
We assumed the deposits
in your kidneys
were proteins,
but they were fats.
Fabry's makes them
build up in your organs,
choke your nerves,
keep your fingers
from pruning in water.
It's chronic
but manageable.
How did you
figure it out?
Iodide mumps.
His lymph nodes
swelled up
after the head CT.
We thought it was
a new symptom,
but it wasn't,
it was a reaction
to the contrast.
Iodide mumps
takes lymph nodes
off the table.
Remove that symptom...
And that just
came to you?
I looked through
the online responses again.
Someone posted it
this morning.
(DOOR OPENS)
I heard Cuddy
made it official.
Department's yours.
Congrats.
I'm sorry.
I went behind your back.
On a scale of one to 10,
how mad are you?
A seven.
And that's stupid.
You did the right thing.
It's my fault
you thought you had
to go behind my back.
I should have
stood up to you.
But you didn't 'cause
you didn't want
to fight again.
It's our first case,
it'll take time to adjust.
What if by the time
we get adjusted,
we don't like
each other any more?
That's not
gonna happen.
Are you sure?
'Cause ever since
I took this job,
we've been making
each other miserable.
I really don't think
this is gonna work.
You're breaking up
with me?
No.
The other night,
when I thought I was done,
you were there.
I need you.
I don't want
to lose you.
Then, why are you...
You're firing me.
I'm sorry.
Ispred.
You took Vicodin?
(READING) $25,000.
I solved
my old team's case.
I was about
to take the pills,
I went online,
I found people
posting medical problems.
And my leg
stopped hurting.
Oh.
Oh?
I'm supposed to be
changing my life.
This is not a change.
Maybe I was wrong.
Says the guy
making sand castles
in my brain.
We need to keep you
from using.
Taking yourjob away,
the medical puzzles,
nearly drove you
back to it.
Maybe diagnostic medicine
is the key to
keeping you clean.
So you're okay
with me going online,
solving cases?
No.
You can't sit all day
in a room by yourself.
Isolation fosters
depression.
The hospital is
part of my old life.
If I go back,
I might become
who I was before,
pills and all.
That's a possibility.
But could be,
the only thing worse
for you than going back
to diagnostic medicine
is not going back.
Guess we're gonna find out.